Clean up dissertation symbol glossary: sort order, definitions, and duplicate consolidation (#321)
symbiotic-engineering/MDOcean: pubs/dissertation/symbol-glossary-dissertation.tex

\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Complex optimal reflection coefficient}]{sym-Gamma-opt}{\ensuremath{\Gamma_\text{opt}}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Hydrodynamic excitation coefficient for spar}]{sym-gamma-s}{\ensuremath{\gamma_s}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Wave height of equivalent regular wave}]{sym-H}{\ensuremath{H}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Water depth}]{sym-h}{\ensuremath{h}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Hybrid matrix},sort=sym-h]{sym-mathbf-h}{\ensuremath{\mathbf{h}}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Hankel function of the first kind, order zero},sort=sym-H-0-1]{sym-mathrm-H-0-1}{\ensuremath{\mathrm{H}_0^1}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Undisturbed still-water depth reference level}]{sym-h-0}{\ensuremath{h_0}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Distance from neutral axis to damping-plate stiffener extreme fiber}]{sym-h-1-stiff-d}{\ensuremath{h_{1,\text{stiff},d}}}
% \glsxtrnewsymbol[description={}]{sym-H-2}{\ensuremath{H_2}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Damping plate thickness}]{sym-h-d}{\ensuremath{h_d}}
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Float height, including both above and below water}]{sym-h-f}{\ensuremath{h_f}}

> \glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Float-spar allowable downward relative displacement clearance}]{sym-h-fs-down}{\ensuremath{h_{fs,\text{down}}}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\glsxtrnewsymbol[description={Allowable displacement of the float to move downwards relative to the spar}]{sym-h-fs-down}{\ensuremath{h_{fs,\text{down}}}}
```
